the Big Buddha box is a fully automated
vertical hydroponic grow system that
consists of a solid industrial-strength
aluminum frame three tiers of custom
molded food grade plastic grow tubes
that can house up to 78 plants a 70
gallon reservoir and a super cool
lighting tube containing two 400 Y HPS
lights this system grows up to five
times bigger and better yields than any
horizontal traditional growing method
per watt per square foot our system
achieves this by using vertical ponics
vertical products turns one grow room
into four by relocating the plant
location from the floor to the four
walls effectively maximizing your
growing area additionally our super
ponics technology grows plants up to
five times faster than traditional
growing methods super ponics is the
combination of at least two proven
hydroponic technologies the Big Buddha
box utilizes non clogging aeroponics to
completely surround your root structure
and oxygen and an ebb and flow and NFT
cycle to maximize your plants nutrient
uptake the Big Buddha box is super ponic
system works by first drawing water up
from the 70 gallon reservoir into the
reservoir trays next is water fills the
water runs along a footlong air stone
that super oxygenates the water and
bubbles up into the roots then as the
water drains the roots become surrounded
and oxygen this process happens over and
over completely cycling all the water
and nutrients in the system the result
is healthy strong roots an incredible
growth rate and bigger yields the
vertical light tube allows you to
utilize 360 degrees of your two bulbs
light output maximizing efficiency the
reservoirs are all formed from custom
molded UV resistant thick gauge HDPE
food grade plastic making this the
safest and best hydroponic grow system
the Buddha box vertical hydroponic
system can house up to 78 plants for
more information visit us at super
closet com